So we had a closer look at the data.
But thus far we always assumed that our actions we take there would be successful.
Now what if that fails.
Let's go back to the list of posts in the post folder here in the index of your folder.
Now let's say our async action which of course is just dummy code here.
But let's say it were a real action and it failed.
All we had to do is in a callback we don't pass null as the first argument but our error.
Now the error could be a new error object we create error or is a built in javascript constructor.
Now if we do that and we save this if I reload the I go back to the simple log page or I reloaded it
you'll simply see I get the error lay out we created because next we'll automatically redirect us to
our page.
If an error occurs.
So if the first argument in callback is not now.
If you were using a promise based approach.
So we're in async data.
You returned a new promise that wrap your async code.
Then what.
You could simply do is inside the catch block you might add to your promise.
And of course you're promised us probably more than nothing inside there where you get the error from
the HTP request to make or whatever it is you could execute context error like this.
There is an error function on that context object.
And here you could pass your new error or whatever error you got back from the server maybe.
And by doing it like this it would also throw.
Now here a you showed us because we're not doing anything in the promise but can working just to promise
is something I'll do in the next lecture before we get all to have a look at how the X adds to all of
that.